Would you like to see smplayer translated to your own language?

Making a translation is easy. 

You need a tool called "Linguist". 

In linux it should be in qt-devel, libqt-dev (or similar) or in its own
package (maybe as qt-linguist).

In windows it's included in the Qt opensource edition. But this package
is very large, about ~50 MB size (it includes all necessary to compile
Qt applications). To make things easier I created a small zip which
contains Linguist only (~ 4 MB). You can get it
[url=http://downloads.sourceforge.net/smplayer/Linguist.zip?use_mirror=osdn]here[/url].
This package doesn't include the documentation, but you can consult it
on-line, [url=http://doc.trolltech.com/4.2/linguist-translators.html]here[/url].

[img]http://smplayer.sourceforge.net/screenshots2/linguist2.jpg[/img]

Now run linguist, and open one of the *.ts files included in the source
code of smplayer, for instance smplayer_es.ts.

You will see the original source text in English and the translated one.
Just make the translation to your language.

If you prefer to start with an empty file (no translations) you can get this 
file (http://smplayer.sourceforge.net/linux/download/smplayer_empty_0.4.15.zip)

You'll have to press Ctrl+Enter in every translation to check it as
"done" (it will appear with a green check mark). Phrases not marked as
"done" will appear with a yellow question mark, and the translation
won't be used.

Just remember to save it later with a different name. If you translate
to italian, save it as smplayer_it.ts.

Two important things to know:

 * Some strings have variables: %1, %2 and so on. Examples: "The file %1
already exists", "Copying %1 to %2".  Those variables will be replaced
at runtime with a filename, a number or something else (you'll know from
the context). You may change the order of the variables if your language
needs it.

 * Accelerators: in some texts you will see something like this:
"&Open". At runtime it will appear with the O underlined:
[b][u]O[/u]pen[/b]. That means that the O key will be used as a key
accelerator. But probably in your language the "open" word doesn't have
a O. In Spanish for instance "open" is "abrir". So you will have to
choose a new letter for the accelerator: &Abrir, but it can also be
A&brir or Ab&rir, or whatever you want. But you have to take care of not
repeating the same accel for different options in the same menu
(Linguist will warn you with a red exclamation mark)

Once you have finished the translation you'll probably want it to see in
smplayer. In linguist select Open->Release and that will create a *.qm
file. Copy it to wherever you have the smplayer executable and that's
it.

The last step is to send me the translation (the *.ts file). I will add
to the source code and your translation will available for everyone.

If you later want to update your translation, just get from time to time
the smplayer sources, open the ts file in linguist and translate the new
phrases.

It seems a lot of people is having problems to find my e-mail address...
(it's on the about dialog). 

You can send your translations to: rvm@escomposlinux.org 

By the way, if you're planning to make a translation maybe it's a good
idea if you first tell me or announce it here, to avoid duplications. 

And something else: I'm releasing new versions almost every day (maybe
because I don't know how to use a svn), but of course it's not necessary
that you update your translation so often. Maybe once a week, or once
every two weeks or once a month... as you like :)

