[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[smplayer.installer]
type = PO
source_lang = en
source_file = english.pot
trans.es = spanish.po
trans.ja = japanese.po
trans.ru = russian.po
trans.eu = basque.po
trans.ca = catalan.po
trans.cs = czech.po
trans.de = german.po
trans.it = italian.po
trans.pt = portuguese.po
trans.sk = slovak.po
trans.th = thai.po
trans.da = danish.po
trans.fi = finnish.po
trans.he = hebrew.po
trans.nn = norwegian.po
trans.sl = slovenian.po
trans.hr = croatian.po
trans.nl = dutch.po
trans.fr = french.po
trans.hu = hungarian.po
trans.ko = korean.po
trans.pl = polish.po
trans.zh_TW = tradchinese.po
trans.zh_CN = simpchinese.po
trans.pt_BR = portuguesebrazil.po
trans.ar = arabic.po
trans.ms_MY = malay.po
trans.sq_AL = albanian.po
trans.sr = serbian.po
trans.bg = bulgarian.po
trans.uk = ukrainian.po
trans.el = greek.po
minimum_perc = 50
